analyis
  problem identification
    the problem is that rubiks cubes are difficult to solve, however, they can be solved through fairly simple algorithms, so I want 
    to attempt a rubiks cube solver
  stakeholders
    this project has applications to anyone who wants to solve a rubiks cube but does not actually want to learn how, we've all been there
    it also stands to definitively prove whether a given orientation of a rubiks cube can be "solved"
    for a third party, we will see if we can get my mum to solve a rubiks guide using the guidance of the program
  is it computational
    yes! yes it is, quite easily! (i hope) rubiks cubes are solved through fairly simple algorithms
  
  questions to ask third party (mum)
   1.) do you know what a rubiks cube is and have a basic understanding of what the purpose is 
   2.) can you solve a given rubiks cube with no external assistance
   3.) if you were given simple instructions with simple graphics do you think you would be able to solve a rubiks cube
   4.) are you comfortable reading instructions from a computer to solve a problem or complete a task
  
 
research
  rubiks cubes look like this (insert image of rubiks cube)
  they are a cube with the faces each split into 9 squares
  there are 3 types of pieces on a rubiks cube
    center piece, lies in the centre of a face, is one colour
    edge piece, lies on the edge, but not in the corner, of a face, adjacent to two center piece. has two colours
    corner piece, lies on the corner, adjacent to an edge piece, has three colours.
  any face can be rotated by 90degrees perpendicular to the opposite face, this allows edge pieces and corner pieces to move out of place
  a solved rubiks cube is a cube where all corner pieces and edge pieces match the center piece on all faces.
  
i dont even know what this section is?
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
  a rubiks cube can be represented as 6 2d arrays of size 3x3, each entry need only contain the colour of each individual squares
  there is a finite amount of moves that can be done on a rubiks cube, these are:
    f - rotation of the front face clockwise through 90degrees
    r - rotation of the left face (relative to the orientation of the cube) through 90 degrees clockwise
    l - rotation of the right face (relative to the orientation of the cube) though 90 degrees clockwise (note that this makes it rotate
    opposite to the left face
    u - 
